Add authentication (#22)
nuts-foundation/nl-generic-functions-ig: input/pagecontent/GFI-004.md

- [Verifiable Credentials Data Model 1.1](https://www.w3.org/TR/2022/REC-vc-data-model-20220303/)
- [OAuth 2.0 Demonstration of Proof-of-Possession (DPoP)](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-oauth-dpop-04)

### Messages

1. Access Token Request
2. Access Token Response

<div>
{% include GFI-004.svg %}
</div>

#### Access Token Request

##### Trigger events

- A client needs to obtain an access token from an authorization server.

##### Message semantics

The client requests an access token from the authorization server using the OAuth 2.0 JWT bearer token flow as defined in [RFC 7523](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7523).

If an authorization server is shared between multiple (care) organizations (e.g. a multi-tenant setup), the authentication server must have a path parameter or a different endpoint to identify the organization the client is requesting the access token for. The client should not have to know the internal identifier of the organization. The access token must be bound to the requested organization.

> If the client wants to bind the access token to a private key, it can include a DPoP header in the request as defined in [OAuth 2.0 Demonstration of Proof-of-Possession (DPoP)](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-oauth-dpop-04).

Author: Yes, thanks, I thought I changed it based on your previous comment. weird it still here.

> If the client wants to bind the access token to a private key, it can include a DPoP header in the request as defined in [OAuth 2.0 Demonstration of Proof-of-Possession (DPoP)](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-oauth-dpop-04).

Author: ```suggestion
If the client wants to bind the access token to a private key, it can include a DPoP header in the request as defined in [OAuth 2.0 Demonstration of Proof-of-Possession (DPoP)](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9449).
```
